Booze for Nerds
===============

The Elephant in the Room
------------------------

We have all encountered the elephant in the room in one engineering meeting or
another.  It's that obvious and massive problem that's not going to go away,
which will crush any project under its massive weight, and which nobody wants
to acknowledge.  Here's a drink to celebrate that elephant.

In a champagne glass (either a flute or coupe, I suppose, though probably a
flute would be better, because a coupe might make the smell of the gin too
obvious):

  1. 1.5 oz gin (up to 2.5 oz for a larger elephant)
  2. A good squeeze of fresh lemon juice
  3. 1.5 tsp simple syrup (optional for grimmer outlook)
  4. Champagne to fill

I initially formulated this drink without simple syrup, but, having
experimented on my relatives, I find that not everyone shares my love of
bitter, dry things.  (I, for instance, prefer gin and XPCOM without any
vermouth at all.)  Those who prefer the bitter truth to remain unsweetened may
omit the simple syrup.

Adding too much lemon or simple syrup will destroy the sublime poetry of this
drink.  It is essential that the chief sensation be that of happy, bubbly
champagne.  The imbiber must not be made suspicious, through the device of
excess sweetness or bitterness, that something is being hidden; the elephant
must be concealed in plain view.

Note: The sublime poetry [see above] may well devolve into raucous vociferation
after two or three elephants have been exposed for what they are.

Since inventing this drink, or so I thought, I have been informed by Chris
Karlof, who knows many things better than I do, including drink recipes, that
this is essentially the recipe for the classic French 75, a drink created in
1915 and named after the powerful French 75mm field gun.  Now I know how
Leibniz must have felt.  It would seem that a corollary to the dictum that
there is nothing new under the sun would be that there is nothing new under the
table, either.

Contributed by [jedp](https://github.com/jedp)

The Regression
--------------

  1. plastic bowl
  2. three -- no, two -- ice cubes

Contributed by [jedp](https://github.com/jedp).  Open to unimprovements.

Intermittent Orange
-------------------

Contributed by some Mozillian???

The r-
------

Contributed by some Mozillian???

Fizz Buzz
---------

The proper way to drink is as follows: One or more people arrange themselves in
a circle.  Beginning with the number one, and incrementing the number by 1 with
each participant's turn, the participants say aloud the number, unless the
number is divisible by three, in which case they say "fizz," or five, in which
case they say "buzz," or both, in which case they say "fizzbuzz."  Whoever
makes a mistake has to take a drink of fizzbuzz.

In a tumbler:

  1. 2 oz gin or so
  2. A good squeeze of a lemon
  3. 1 tsp simple syrup
  4. Club soda

Subsitutions: In place of lemon juice, grapefruit juice is great.  Orange juice
is also good.

Contributed by [jedp](https://github.com/jedp)

Memory Leak
-----------

Contributed by ???

Picon Punch
----------------------

This was what my uncle's father drank back in the olden days of San Francisco. Picon, the kind you get from France, isn't imported anymore. There are places that serve this exact recipe. You'll have to find them. Ask around.

  1. In a white wine glass add about a tablespoon of grenadine and swirl it around so it covers the inside of said glass. Toss the remainder in the sink.
  2. Fill the glass with medium-sized ice cubes.
  3. Pour the Picon in so it fills about 3/4 of the glass.
  4. Fill the rest of the way with club soda. Gently mix.
  5. Add a float of brandy and an orange peel twist and you're almost ready...
  
According to my uncle, before you drank the Picon Punch you are supposed to take two tablespoons of olive oil, straight. No bread chaser. Supposedly this helps ease the hangover the next morning. Does it? Hasn't steered me wrong yet so...

  1. Two tablespoons of olive oil, straight into your belly.
  
Now, drink up, savor the odd but tantalizing flavors. Think about a time in North Beach after 1906 but before 1950. Then make another. As you take the first sips of your second drink the first one will begin to kick in. If you decide to continue forward with the Picon Punch as your drink of choice for the rest of the evening you may or may not progress through the following stages of drunkedness, in order, by number of drinks imbided:

  1. You.
  2. You, but better looking and most likely from Genoa.
  3. Someone looking like you, but claiming to be A.P. Gianinni.
  4. My uncle's father.
  
Enjoy!

Contributed by [wynachtdotorg](https://github.com/wynachtdotorg)
