Booze for Nerds
===============

The Elephant in the Room
------------------------

We have all encountered the elephant in the room in one engineering meeting or
another.  It's that obvious and massive problem that's not going to go away,
which will crush any project under its massive weight, and which nobody wants
to acknowledge.  Here's a drink to celebrate that elephant.

In a champagne glass (either a flute or coupe, I suppose, though probably a
flute would be better, because a coupe might make the smell of the gin too
obvious):

  1. 1.5 oz gin (up to 2.5 oz for a larger elephant)
  2. A good squeeze of fresh lemon juice
  3. 1.5 tsp simple syrup (optional for grimmer outlook)
  4. Champagne to fill

I initially formulated this drink without simple syrup, but, having
experimented on my relatives, I find that not everyone shares my love of
bitter, dry things.  (I, for instance, prefer gin and XPCOM without any
vermouth at all.)  Those who prefer the bitter truth to remain unsweetened may
omit the simple syrup.

Adding too much lemon or simple syrup will destroy the sublime poetry of this
drink.  It is essential that the chief sensation be that of happy, bubbly
champagne.  The imbiber must not be made suspicious, through the device of
excess sweetness or bitterness, that something is being hidden; the elephant
must be concealed in plain view.

Note: The sublime poetry [see above] may well devolve into raucous vociferation
after two or three elephants have been exposed for what they are.

Since inventing this drink, or so I thought, I have been informed by Chris
Karlof, who knows many things better than I do, including drink recipes, that
this is essentially the recipe for the classic French 75, a drink created in
1915 and named after the powerful French 75mm field gun.  Now I know how
Leibniz must have felt.  It would seem that a corollary to the dictum that
there is nothing new under the sun would be that there is nothing new under the
table, either.

